hi everyone my name is chef ray alonzi
and i'm here at turners yard and i'm
going to give you my take on it udon
noodle soup it's a classic Asian dish
now what who da noodles are are there a
got a package right here you can get
these in any local grocers you know any
of your Asian markets it's a big fat
wide noodle it's a big flower noodle so
these are great you can do anything you
want with them you can use them in any
kind of soup today we're going to make a
traditional soup and I'm going to add my
little twist to it so for the
ingredients for the soup I chosen to use
two types of mushrooms some udon noodles
some carrots some snap peas Sam bamboo
shoots some sprouts and a little bok
choy we have some broth and we're going
to saute all our vegetables in a little
sesame oil this is going to give us that
nice Asian flavor that I like so I'm
going to start off with a little bit of
sesame oil get my pan hot I'm going to
put in some carrots some mushrooms now
I've also chose to use some enoki
mushrooms I'm going to save those to the
end because those are really really
delicate they give it a great flavor and
I basically just garnish the soup with
it it's a great colorful dish it's it's
very very vibrant you can add meat to it
you can add pork to it chicken beef it's
up to you now since I'm using a chicken
stock I'm not going to add salt and
pepper to it I'm going to make it a very
light brothy soup I've already seized in
my broth so I don't feel I need to add
any more flavor to it I want to pull the
flavors from the vegetables so it's
going to give me that nice vegetable
flavor now I'm going to have my bok choy
I don't want to add too much of it I
just want to give it just kind of wilted
a little bit I don't want to overcook it
so what I've got going on I've get some
great great flavors coming off of this
oh man all right so now they've got that
that cooking and simmering I think my
vegetables are pretty much ready for my
bra so what I'm going to do is I'm going
to take some is vegetable broth that I
have I'm gonna let my veggies finish
cooking in this broth no it smells
awesome so we're going to let that cook
we only had simmer for probably about a
couple minutes we want to get that nice
and hot and then we're going to add on
noodles to it so these are the hutong
noodles and nice and thick nice i've
already precooked them you want to cook
them for a couple minutes you don't want
to overcook them I like them cook a
little bit chewy so we're gonna cook
these in here
and that smells fantastic okay perfect
all right that's perfect just the way I
want it now I'm going to finish with
those enoki mushrooms I was talking
about these beauties are just so small
so delicate I don't want to overcook
them so I'm going to place them right on
the top I'm going to let it stew like
that and this will incorporate when you
cook them you can eat these mushrooms
raw you can cook them you can saute them
I chose leave them on top so my name is
chef ray Alon G and this is my version
of udon noodle soup